The love of the past
How can a toad and a swan have a relationship?
Ah no I forgot
My toad is a flood dragon now
And you swan
Better than a down-and-out chicken
Ahahaha
Oh, dear.
Yuyang's name is not something you can call it
Hahaha
He they are haha
In here?
They are all treasures that the above told me to prepare for you.
Every piece is carefully selected
Let me introduce to you.
This is a suit for you.
Handmade by the world's first designer
unique
It looks OK.
Mr. Shao, as long as you like it
Tell you
This Heart of the Deep is the number one necklace in the world.
It is impossible to estimate the value of the gems used alone
Even the blue Phantom made from its scraps
All were sold nearly some time ago
1 billion dollars
This thing is so precious
Young Master, as long as you are satisfied, Young Master
Now that last one is kind of cheesy.
I also hope that the young master will not dislike you.